feat(modules_testdata_base_path): update guidelines for test data (#2474)
nf-core/website: src/content/docs/contributing/test_data_guidelines.md

11. The test data pull request requires a review to be merged.

> 12. Once you've had your pull request merged in into `nf-core/test-datasets`, you are good to go and you can use refer to the newly uploaded file(s) for your tests. Use `params.modules_testdata_base_path` to point to the test data directory in your module, and append to it the path to the file(s) you need. an example using the `fasta` file from `sarscov2`:

Author: ```suggestion
12. Once you've had your pull request merged in into `nf-core/test-datasets`, you are good to go and you can use refer to the newly uploaded file(s) for your test(s). Use `params.modules_testdata_base_path` to point to the test data directory in your module, and append to it the path to the file(s) you need. an example using the `fasta` file from `sarscov2`:
```

> 12. Once you've had your pull request merged in into `nf-core/test-datasets`, you are good to go and you can use refer to the newly uploaded file(s) for your test(s). Use `params.modules_testdata_base_path` to point to the test data directory in your module, and append to it the path to the file(s) you need. an example using the `fasta` file from `sarscov2`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Once you've had your pull request merged in into `nf-core/test-datasets`, you are good to go and you can refer to the newly uploaded file(s) for your test(s). Use `params.modules_testdata_base_path` to point to the test data directory in your module, and append to it the path to the file(s) you need. an example using the `fasta` file from `sarscov2`:
```

>     - `file(params.modules_testdata_base_path + 'genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta', checkIfExists: true)`

Reviewer: ````suggestion 
```groovy
    file(params.modules_testdata_base_path + 'genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta', checkIfExists: true)
 ```
````

>     - Note the file string corresponds to the directory structure of the modules repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Note that the file string corresponds to the directory structure of the modules repository.
```

11. The test data pull request requires a review to be merged.

> 12. Once you've had your pull request merged in into `nf-core/test-datasets`, you are good to go and you can use the newly created file(s) for your test. Use `params.modules_testdata_base_path` to point to the test data directory in your module, and append to it the path to the file(s) you need. This is an example using the `fasta` file from `sarscov2`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
12. Once you've had your pull request merged in into `nf-core/test-datasets`, you are good to go and you can use refer to the newly uploaded file(s) for your tests. Use `params.modules_testdata_base_path` to point to the test data directory in your module, and append to it the path to the file(s) you need. an example using the `fasta` file from `sarscov2`:
```

>     - `file(params.modules_testdata_base_path + 'genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta', checkIfExists: true)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `file(params.modules_testdata_base_path + 'genomics/sarscov2/genome/genome.fasta', checkIfExists: true)`
    - Note the file string corresponds to the directory structure of the modules repository.
```

Reviewer 2: To be completely explicit (as the old map system didn't exactly map that always)
